![Reach us further -- Seventh
Loop](./image1.png){width="1.3611111111111112in"
height="1.3592968066491689in"}

Seventh loop Tech

**PROCEDURE FOR DOCUMENT AND RECORD CONTROL**

  -----------------------------------------------------------------------
  Code:              001
  ------------------ ----------------------------------------------------
  Version:           0.1

  Date of version:   16/8/2025

  Created by:        Hammad Zahid Ali

  Approved by:       Ali Ijlal

  Confidentiality    Internal
  level:             
  -----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Change history**

  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  **Date**     **Version**   **Created    **Description of change**
                             by**         
  ------------ ------------- ------------ ----------------------------------------
  2025-08-16   0.1           Hammad       Job Title changes for CISO

                                          

                                          

                                          

                                          

                                          

                                          
  --------------------------------------------------------------------------------

**Table of contents**

[1. Purpose, scope and users
[3](#purpose-scope-and-users)](#purpose-scope-and-users)

[2. Reference documents [3](#reference-documents)](#reference-documents)

[3. Control of internal documents
[3](#control-of-internal-documents)](#control-of-internal-documents)

[3.1. Document formatting
[3](#document-formatting)](#document-formatting)

[3.2. Document approval [3](#document-approval)](#document-approval)

[3.3. Publishing and distributing documents; withdrawal from use
[4](#publishing-and-distributing-documents-withdrawal-from-use)](#publishing-and-distributing-documents-withdrawal-from-use)

[3.3.1. Documents with the lowest confidentiality level
[4](#documents-with-the-lowest-confidentiality-level)](#documents-with-the-lowest-confidentiality-level)

[3.3.2. Documents with higher confidentiality level
[4](#documents-with-higher-confidentiality-level)](#documents-with-higher-confidentiality-level)

[3.3.3. Documents regarding cloud service customer's Personally
Identifiable Information (PII)
[4](#documents-regarding-cloud-service-customers-personally-identifiable-information-pii)](#documents-regarding-cloud-service-customers-personally-identifiable-information-pii)

[3.4. Document updates [4](#document-updates)](#document-updates)

[3.5. Records control [4](#records-control)](#records-control)

[4. Documents of external origin
[5](#documents-of-external-origin)](#documents-of-external-origin)

[5. Managing records kept on the basis of this document
[5](#managing-records-kept-on-the-basis-of-this-document)](#managing-records-kept-on-the-basis-of-this-document)

[6. Validity and document management
[5](#validity-and-document-management)](#validity-and-document-management)

#  Purpose, scope and users

The purpose of this procedure is to ensure control over creation,
approval, distribution, usage and updates of documents and records (also
called: documented information) used in the Information Security
Management System (ISMS).

This procedure is applied to all documents and records related to the
ISMS, regardless of whether the documents and records were created
inside Seventh loop Tech or whether they are of external origin. This
procedure encompasses all documents and records, stored in any possible
form -- paper, audio, video, etc.

Users of this document are all employees of Sevent loop Tech inside the
scope of the ISMS.

# Reference documents

-   ISO/IEC 27001 standard, clause 7.5

-   ISO 22301 standard, clause 7.5

-   BS 25999-2 standard, clauses 3.4.2 and 3.4.3

-   ISO/IEC 27018 standard, clause A.9.2

-   Information Security Policy

-   Business Continuity Policy

-   Policy for handling classified information

# Control of internal documents

Internal documents are all documents created inside the organization.

## Document formatting

The document text is written using font Calibri, size 11. Chapter titles
are written using font size 14 bold, while level 2 chapter titles are
written in font size 12 bold. Level 3 chapter titles are written in font
size 11 bold italic.

The document header contains organization name and confidentiality
level. The footer contains document name, current version and date of
document, and number of pages.

Every document must also define its users.

## Document approval

All documents, regardless of whether they are new documents or new
versions of existing documents, must be approved by CISO.

Documents are approved in the following way: CISO will approve the
document via e-mail.

## Publishing and distributing documents; withdrawal from use

### Documents with the lowest confidentiality level

In case of documents to which access is allowed for all employees within
ISMS scope, CISO must publish them on the intranet, in the folder
Z:\\Sharedrive\\OfficialDocuments\\ with reading rights only. When a new
document or new document version is published, CISO must inform all
employees listed as users of the document by e-mail. If a printed
version of the document must be delivered to some employees, this is the
responsibility of CISO.

If there is an older version of the document, CISO must delete it from
the valid documents folder and move it to
Z:\\Sharedrive\\ObsoleteDocuments\\. If there are older versions of
printed documents, CISO must collect all such documents and destroy all
copies except the signed original, which must be duly stored -- such
originals must be marked as \"Obsolete\" using a marker pen.

### Documents with higher confidentiality level

Documents which have a higher confidentiality level, as specified in the
Policy for handling classified information

, and of which distribution is limited, are published by the document
owner on the intranet with reading rights only, in a folder to which
access is granted only to persons specified on the document\'s
distribution list. The document owner must send an e-mail notification
about such a document to all persons on the distribution list.

If there is an older version of the document, the document owner must
delete it from the valid documents folder and move it to the folder
containing obsolete documents, which can be accessed only by persons
specified on the document distribution list.

### Documents regarding cloud service customer's Personally Identifiable Information (PII)

Previous versions of policies and procedures regarding the handling of
cloud service customer's Personally Identifiable Information (PII) must
be stored for a period of five years, unless specified otherwise by
legal or contractual requirement. This information must be written in
each such document in the section about validity and document
management.

## Document updates

The person listed as document owner has the responsibility for updating
the document. Updates are performed in line with the frequency defined
for each document, but at least once a year.

All changes to the document must be made using \"Track changes,\" making
visible only the revisions to the previous version, and must be briefly
described in the \"Change History\" table; if Track changes option is
unavailable, or if the changes are too numerous, then the Track changes
option is not used.

Each document should preferably have a \"Change History\" table used to
record every change made to the document.

## Records control

Each internal document in the ISMS must define how records resulting
from the use of such a document should be managed, i.e. it must specify
the following: (1) record title, (2) storage location, (3) person
responsible for storage, (4) controls for record protection, and (5)
retention time.

Employees of the organization may access stored records only after
obtaining permission from the person designated as the person
responsible for storing individual records. If the sensitivity of
certain records is such that permission for access must be obtained from
a different person, this must be stated in the concerned internal
document in the chapter describing records control.

Access and retrieval rights for records are determined by the owner of
individual records. \[job title\] is responsible for destroying all
records of which the retention time has expired.

# Documents of external origin

Each external document which is necessary for the planning and operation
of the ISMS must be recorded in the incoming mail register. The incoming
mail register must contain the following information: (1) document
number, (2) sender, (3) document name, (4) date of receipt, (5) name of
the person to whom the document has been forwarded.

The person who receives mail and courier parcels must forward them to
CISO who must make a record in the incoming mail register; the person
who receives electronic mail must forward such a document to CISO, who
must also record it in the incoming mail register. CISO then classifies
documents according to the Policy for handling classified information
and determines to whom the document should be forwarded.

# Managing records kept on the basis of this document

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
  ***Record       ***Storage location*** ***Person     ***Controls for   ***Retention
  name***                                responsible   record            time***
                                         for           protection***     
                                         storage***                      
  --------------- ---------------------- ------------- ----------------- --------------
  Incoming mail   Z:\\Sharedrive\\CISO   CISO acting   Only CISO has the Records are
  register                               as owner of   right to make     stored for a
  (electronic                            the incoming  entries into and  period of 3
  form -- Excel                          mail register changes to the    years
  spreadsheet)                                         incoming mail     
                                                       register.         

  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Only CISO can grant other employees access to the incoming mail
register.

# Validity and document management

This document is valid as of 28/12/2027.

The owner of this document is CISO, who must check and, if necessary,
update the document at least once a year.

When evaluating the effectiveness and adequacy of this document, the
following criteria need to be considered:

-   number of obsolete or out-of-date documents

-   number of documents that were not distributed to intended employees

-   number of documents for which no record is kept or which are not
    appropriately stored

CISO

Taimor Ijlal

\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_\_

\[signature\]
